1. Introduction 

We want to write a program to simulate a bank with multiple tellers. The goal 
of this simulation is to collect statistical information of the bank’s 
customers and tellers. A bank service area consists of several tellers and a 
customer waiting line (or queue). In each time unit, at most one new customer 
arrives at the waiting line. If the customer waiting line is too long, the 
customer leaves without completing transaction; otherwise, the customer gets 
into the waiting line. If all tellers are busy, customers in the waiting lines 
must wait to for a teller. If a teller is free and customers are waiting, the 
first customer in the waiting line advances to the teller’s counter and begins 
transaction.  When a customer is done, the customer departs and the teller 
becomes free. We will run the simulation through many units of time. At the 
end of each time unit, your program should print out a "snap-shot" of queues, 
customers and tellers. At the end of the program, your program should print 
out statistics and conclude simulation.


2. Assumptions and Requirements

2.1. Assumptions

- At most one customer arrives per time unit
- All numbers are positive integer numbers (>=0), except average values 
  should be displayed to two decimal places
- No time lost in between events:
  a customer arriving and entering waiting line
  a customer arriving and leaving without banking
  a customer completing transaction and departing
  a customer leaving the waiting line, advancing to a teller and 
             beginning transaction 

2.2. The limits of simulations parameters

- Maximum number of tellers     10
- Maximum simulation length     10000
- Maximum transaction time      500
- Maximum customer queue limit  50
- Probability of a new customer 1% - 100%


2.3. Input parameters and customer (random/file) data 

- The following data are read at the beginning of the simulation:

  int numTellers;         // number of Tellers.
  int simulationTime;     // time to run simulation
  int customerQLimit;     // customer queue limit
  int chancesOfArrival;   // probability of a new Customer ( 1 - 100)
  int maxTransactionTime; // maximum transaction time per customer
  int dataSource;         // data source: from file or random


- Sample input layout :

  $ java PJ3.BankSimulator

        ***  Get Simulation Parameters  ***

  Enter simulation time (positive integer)       : 10
  Enter maximum transaction time of customers    : 5
  Enter chances (0% < & <= 100%) of new customer : 75
  Enter the number of tellers                    : 3
  Enter customer queue limit                     : 2
  Enter 1/0 to get data from file/Random         : 1        // see details below
  Enter filename                                 : DataFile // for input 1 above

- In each time unit of simulation, your program will need two positive integers 
  numbers to compute boolean anyNewArrival & int transactionTime. A user should
  have two options to specify the source of those numbers (input 1 or 0):

  For user input 1, numbers are read from a file. A filename should be provided 
  at the beginning of simulation. Each line in a datafile should contain two 
  positive numbers (> 0). A datafile should contain sufficient data for
  simulationTime. In each time unit, anyNewArrival & transactionTime are 
  computed as follows :

         read data1 and data2 from the file;
         anyNewArrival = (((data1%100)+1)<= chancesOfArrival);
         transactionTime = (data2%maxTransactionTime)+1;
 

  For user input 0, numbers are generated by method nextInt() in a Random 
  object, dataRandom, which should be constructed at the beginning of 
  simulation. In each time unit, anyNewArrival & transactionTime are computed as
  follows :

        anyNewArrival = ((dataRandom.nextInt(100)+1) <= chancesOfArrival);
        transactionTime = dataRandom.nextInt(maxTransactionTime)+1;


2.4. Input/Output information 

- At the end of each time unit, you program should print out "snap-shot" of
  simulation. At the end of simulation, you program need to print out end
  of simulation report
